=encoding utf8

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # Make sure you export SV_HOME or SV_CONFIG
    $ cat sv.yml
    ---
    global:
      listen: unix/:/tmp/sv.sock
      daemon: 0
      umask: 077
    run:
      x: 'plackup -p 3010 ./sites/x/app.psgi'
      y:
        cmd: 'plackup -p 3011 ./sites/y/app.psgi'
        restart_delay: 1
        start_retries: 5
        umask: 027
        user: www
        group: www
        
    $ svc stop x
    
=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<svc> command is a simple client for the supervisor server.

It connects to the server's socket, issues the commands supplied as its
arguments and displays the server's response.

=head1 ARGUMENTS

The script accepts the following arguments.

=over 4

=item status [service]

Requests a status about the service, showing its name, uptime and PID. When
called without arguments it displays a status for all the services.

=item up <service>

Starts the specified service. If it stops, restart it.

=item once <service>

Starts the specified service. Do not restart it if it stops.

=item down <service>

If the service is running, send it the TERM signal. After it stops do not
restart it.

=item pause|cont|hup|alarm|int|quit|usr1|usr2|term|kill <service>

If the service is running, send it the STOP, CONT, HUP, ALRM, INT, QUIT, USR1,
USR2, TERM, or KILL signal respectively.

=back


=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -c config_file

Specify the configuration file to read. If this isn't specified, the script
searches $ENV{SV_CONFIG}, $ENV{SV_HOME}/sv.yml and $ENV{HOME}/.sv/sv.yml or
dies upon failure to find a valid configuration file in one of those places.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 4

=item SV_HOME

Specifies the default home directory where C<svc> searches for the config
file.

=item SV_CONF

The full path to the supervisor's configuration file.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<App::Sv>
